Update example code: setupOffscreenDocument (#6295)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/index.md

```js
chrome.offscreen.createDocument({
  url: 'off_screen.html',
  reasons: ['CLIPBOARD'],
  justification: 'reason for needing the document',
});

chrome.offscreen.closeDocument()
```

> The following example shows how to ensure that offscreen documents have already been created. The `setupOffscreenDocument()` function uses [clients.matchAll()](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Clients/matchAll) to find existing offscreen documents. If no existing offscreen documents, create it. Please note: the function assumes that your extension uses a single offscreen document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to ensure that an offscreen document has already been created. The `setupOffscreenDocument()` function calls [`clients.matchAll()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Clients/matchAll) to find the existing offscreen document. If no offscreen document exists, is created. Note that a service worker can only have one offscreen document. 
```

Reviewer: I fixed the first item.

I didn't remove the 'Please note...'. I just made it a bit pithier.

Reviewer: I appreciate your time and input, but this is problematic. I think you're trying to future proof this, which is a good instinct. But, baseline documentation shouldn't make promises about future product work. If we've done that elsewhere, I need to fix it.

What this line needs to do is say in a straightforward way that the function gets the existing offscreen document or creates it if it doesn't already exist and that it does so using...

In other words, stick to the facts.

```js
let creating; // A global promise to avoid concurrency issues
async function setupOffscreenDocument(path) {
  // Check all windows controlled by the service worker to see if one 
  // of them is the offscreen document with the given path
  const offscreenUrl = chrome.runtime.getURL(path);
  const matchedClients = await clients.matchAll();
  for (const client of matchedClients) {
    if (client.url === offscreenUrl) {
      return;
    }
  }

  // create offscreen document
  if (creating) {
    await creating;
  } else {
    creating = chrome.offscreen.createDocument({
      url: path,
      reasons: ['CLIPBOARD'],
      justification: 'reason for needing the document',
    });
    await creating;
    creating = null;
  }
}
```

> Before sending a message to an offscreen document, call `setupOffscreenDocument()` to make sure that there is existing offscreen document, as demonstrated in the following example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before sending a message to an offscreen document, call `setupOffscreenDocument()` to make sure that there is an existing offscreen document, as demonstrated in the following example. 
```

```js
chrome.offscreen.createDocument({
  url: 'off_screen.html',
  reasons: ['CLIPBOARD'],
  justification: 'reason for needing the document',
});

chrome.offscreen.closeDocument()
```

The following example shows how to ensure that offscreen documents have already been created. The `setupOffscreenDocument()` function uses [clients.matchAll()](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Clients/matchAll) to find existing offscreen documents. If no existing offscreen documents, create it. Please note: the function assumes that your extension uses a single offscreen document. 

```js
let creating; // A global promise to avoid concurrency issues
async function setupOffscreenDocument(path) {
  // Check all windows controlled by the service worker to see if one 
  // of them is the offscreen document with the given path
  let exist = false;
  const offscreenUrl = chrome.runtime.getURL(path);
  const matchedClients = await clients.matchAll();
  for (const client of matchedClients) {
    if (client.url === offscreenUrl) {

>       exist = true;

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer an early exit here. This also avoid the additional variable + if below. .

Author: Thanks, early exit here more simple

      break;
    }
  }
  
  // create offscreen document if it's not existing
  if (!exist) {
    if (creating) {

>       await creating;

Reviewer 2: Do we need to `await` here? We could also simply return `creating` and avoid the `else` block below.

Author: I prefer the current way here, which looks more symmetrical
